add CIViCpy article (#25)
griffithlab/griffithlab.org: _posts/2020-03-19-CIViCpy.md

---
layout: page
title:  "CIViCpy Published"
teaser: "The CIViCpy SDK manuscript is published in a special edition of JCO CCI"
header:
    image_fullwidth: "genvis-dna-bg_optimized_v1a.png"
breadcrumb: true
---

> CIViCpy ([civicpy.org](http://civicpy.org)), a Software Development Kit (SDK) and analysis toolkit, enables high-throughput queries on variant interpretation knowledge from the CIViC knowledgebase. Led by co-first authors Alex Wagner and Susanna Kiwala, CIViCpy has already been implemented by the CIViC team for use in the [civic2clinvar](https://github.com/griffithlab/civic2clinvar) utility and for VCF exports of CIViC content. The associated manuscript was [published online today](https://ascopubs.org/doi/pdf/10.1200/CCI.19.00127) in a special issue on _Informatics Tools for Cancer Research and Care_ in JCO Clinical Cancer Informatics. This CIViCpy publication highlights the evaluation of >1,200 variants per second using the built-in pre-cache and search routines on the real-world AACR Project GENIE dataset. CIViCpy is [open-source on GitHub](https://github.com/griffithlab/civicpy) and permissively (MIT) licensed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CIViCpy ([civicpy.org](http://civicpy.org)), a Software Development Kit (SDK) and analysis toolkit, enables high-throughput queries on variant interpretation data from the CIViC knowledgebase. Led by co-first authors Alex Wagner and Susanna Kiwala, CIViCpy has already been utilized by the CIViC team for use in the [civic2clinvar](https://github.com/griffithlab/civic2clinvar) utility and for VCF exports of CIViC content. The associated manuscript was [published online today](https://ascopubs.org/doi/pdf/10.1200/CCI.19.00127) in a special issue on _Informatics Tools for Cancer Research and Care_ in JCO Clinical Cancer Informatics. This CIViCpy publication highlights the evaluation of >1,200 variants per second using the built-in pre-cache and search routines on the real-world AACR Project GENIE dataset. CIViCpy is [open-source on GitHub](https://github.com/griffithlab/civicpy) and permissively (MIT) licensed.
```
